Add BBE for byte and expression equality (#5634)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/expression-equality/expression_equality.md

# Expression equality

> In Ballerina, expression equality is determined using two operators: `==` for value equality and `===` for reference equality. The `==` operator checks for deep equality between two values by comparing the actual data they store. In contrast, the `===` operator checks whether two values share the same storage identity, meaning it compares whether the values reference the same memory location. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Ballerina, expression equality is determined using two operators: `==` for value equality and `===` for reference equality. The `==` operator checks for deep equality between two values by comparing the actual data they store. In contrast, the `===` operator checks whether two values share the same storage identity, meaning it compares whether the values reference the same memory location. 

```

> Values with storage identity, such as structured types like maps and arrays, are stored as references, so `===` can determine if two references point to the same underlying data. For simple types like, such as integers and booleans, which do not have storage identity, `===` behaves the same as `==`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values with storage identity, such as structured types like maps and arrays, are stored as references, so `===` can determine if two references point to the same underlying data. For simple types such as integers and booleans, which do not have storage identity, `===` behaves the same as `==`.
```

# Expression equality

> In Ballerina, expression equality is determined using two operators: `==` for value equality and `===` for reference equality. The `==` operator checks for deep equality between two values by comparing the actual data. In contrast, the `===` operator checks whether two values share the same storage identity, meaning it checks if the values reference the same memory location. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expression equality is determined using two operators: `==` for value equality and `===` for reference equality. The `==` operator checks for deep equality between two values by comparing the actual data. In contrast, the `===` operator checks whether two values share the same storage identity, meaning it checks if the values reference the same memory location. 
```

> In Ballerina, expression equality is determined using two operators: `==` for value equality and `===` for reference equality. The `==` operator checks for deep equality between two values by comparing the actual data they store. In contrast, the `===` operator checks whether two values share the same storage identity, meaning it compares whether the values reference the same memory location. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Ballerina, expression equality is determined using two operators: `==` for value equality and `===` for reference equality. The `==` operator checks for deep equality between two values by comparing the actual data. In contrast, the `===` operator checks whether two values share the same storage identity, meaning it checks if the values reference the same memory location. 
```

> Values with storage identity, such as structured types like maps and arrays, are stored as references, so `===` can determine if two references point to the same underlying data. For simple types such as integers and booleans, which do not have storage identity, `===` behaves the same as `==`.

Reviewer 2: Do we need to talk about behavioural (functions and objects) as well. They also has a storage identity

Reviewer 2: Fallowon from `expression_equality.bal` I feel like we need to say about sequence values as well. Singleton once (ie. string and part of xml) don't have storage identities and others have (that is some `xml` have storage identity and others don't)

Author: Refer to https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution/pull/5634/files#r1764870734

Reviewer: I think for behavioural values, we can skip. For XML, we probably need a separate BBE, similar to the list equality BBE.

> Values with storage identity, such as structured types like maps and arrays, are stored as references, so `===` can determine if two references point to the same underlying data. For simple types such as integers and booleans, which do not have storage identity, `===` behaves the same as `==`.

Reviewer: Second sentence needs to be updated here also.

> Values with storage identity, such as structured types like maps and arrays, are stored as references, so `===` can determine if two references point to the same underlying data. For simple types such as integers and booleans, which do not have storage identity, `===` behaves the same as `==` except for floating point values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values with storage identity, such as structured types like maps and arrays, have an identity that comes from the location where the value is stored. For such values, the `===` check determines if two references point to the same location. For simple types such as integers and booleans, which do not have storage identity, `===` behaves the same as `==` except for floating point values.
```
